A spellbinding novel that transforms history into a story as powerful as Exodus and as intimate as a lullaby.
The acclaimed Nobel Prize winner transfigures the coming-of-age story with this brilliantly imagined novel.
In this classic essay, Woolf takes on the establishment, using her gift of language to dissect the world around her.
Celie has grown up poor in rural Georgia, despised by the society around her and abused by her own family.
Celie and Shug from The Color Purple subtly shadow the lives of dozens of characters, all dealing in some way with the legacy.
The Bell Jar chronicles the crack-up of Esther Greenwood: young, brilliant, beautiful, and enormously talented.
As a Southern Gothic novel and Bildungsroman, the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice.
Jean Louise Finch always made this journey by air, but she decided to go by train from New York to Maycomb Junction.
Beautiful, brutal, and often banned – this modern classic gives an unflinching view of a childhood rooted in pain.
In this piercing story of innocence betrayed set in the thirties, the orphaned Portia is stranded in the sophisticated world.
The novel opens with the Pontellier family—Léonce, a New Orleans businessman of Louisiana Creole heritage.
Its protagonist, Margaret Simon, is a sixth-grader who grows up without a religious affiliation because of parents' marriage.
Peter wins his pet turtle, Dribble, at his friend Jimmy Fargo's birthday party, and shows him to everyone including Fudge.
Peter himself only appears briefly at the beginning and Fudge does not appear at all, although he is briefly mentioned.
After taking the Taurus Express from Aleppo to Istanbul, private detective Hercule Poirot arrives at the Tokatlian Hotel.
The father of the family creates his own "misprint" of the Bible. He concludes his sermons with the Kikongo expression.
An idealistic believer in the FDR program, she has a job with the National Recovery Administration.
Writers Lillian Hellman and Mary McCarthy reunite in hell and reflect on their decades-long antagonistic relationship.
An invitation to deliver the 1973–1974 Gifford Lectures in Aberdeen, provided an incentive to gather together a variety of materials.
A vampire named Louis de Pointe du Lac tells his 200-year-long life story to a reporter referred to simply as "the boy".